Southbound
go ahead and show me in pursuit
Uh southbound on L from 40-, Southbound on 42nd from L
Uh, vehicle plate, Paul, Mary, Zebra...
I can't get the rest, I'm too far behind
Speed's 70 miles an hour
Uh they're slowing down
to about 60
coming up on Q Street.
plate is Paul Mary Zebra
9-5-0
Appears to be one occupant coming on,
gonna go eastbound on Q. Just ran the red light.
Traffic's...moderate at this time.
uh people look like
they're getting out of the way
There's no pedestrian traffic at this time.
Uh, continuing
eastbound passing 41st on Q.
307, I'm putting stopsticks on south hill bridge.
Clear, uh continuing eastbound coming up on
36 he's passing cars uh, he's going to blow
the light at uh, 36th St.
Speed's seventy miles an hour, one person in the vehicle he's a white male.
Continuing eastbound uh, passing 31st, speeds
approaching 90, uh, he's slowing down for
traffic, he's coming up on a construction zone, he's weaving in and out of lanes, he's in the right lane.
61, uh, traffic is moderate
at this time. He's in the left lane. Speed's 95.
continuing eastbound onto I-80, looks like we're going to go into Iowa.
(On Radio) Command
60 to 61, go ahead and stay with that pursuit
(Ofc. Rech) Clear, continuing, uh, eastbound, we're
going to be going over the bridge.
Uh, he's weaving in and out between lanes,
speeds are about 95 to 100 mph,
uh, he's continuing eastbound into Iowa.
(On Radio) Command 60, if the traffic gets
too bad, go ahead and uh, terminate the pursuit.
(Ofc. Rech) At this time traffic is moderate,
it's not that bad, he's keeping it-he's keeping
speeds about 90 mph, he's weaving in and out
of lanes, but he's not cutting off anybody.
He just changed he's going to go- he's going
to be going northbound on 29, northbound on
29. Speed's 85 miles an hour.
(on radio interrupted)
anybody with stop sticks going into Omaha?
(beeping in background)
(Ofc. Rech) 61 continuing,
uh, 29, he just cut over he is coming back
into Omaha. Taking, 480 west, back into Omaha,
he's stuck behind a semi right now, so speeds
are only about 50 miles an hour.
(On Radio) Paul-3 also simulcast northeast.
(Dull Cracking Noise)
(Ofc. Rech) 61, he just shot at me,
he's got the shotgun, he just shot at me,
shot through the bla-back window.
He is armed, he is firing at me.
61, he's got a sawed-off shotgun, looks like he's reloading.
He's looking down at the floorboard, probably getting shells. He just shot at me.
(Radio) Command 50, you're authorized to use your vehicle to uh, disable the suspect vehicle.
(Ofc. Rech) Clear, he's slowing down, it looks like he's gonna go the, the Qwest Center Omaha Eppley exit.
Uh, Dodge St. exit, he's getting off, he's got
the gun in his hand.
He's pointing back! He's shooting at me, He's pointing the gun directly at me, he's trying to fire back behind his
windshield, I cannot get close enough for
vehicle intervention.
(Radio) If you can get close enough, Ram him.
(Ofc. Rech) He's going to go off-roading,
Locust Drive, Locust Street, he's going to be
going down by uh,
(Radio) give him some room! Give yourself some distance.
Responding cars, trying to bracket him in, get a perimeter set.
(Ofc. Rech) 61, we're
going through the park.
Back westbound through the park,
he just went over a sign, he's back on a road, I don't know which road he's ON
(Car Landing)
Standby, we are westbound on
avenue, K.
(Radio) -7 to 61, let me call it
out so you can focus on him. Uh, Westbound
still. Just passing, looks like 13th street.
Still westbound, This is going to be over
here pretty quick, he's got a lot of smoke
coming from him. We're approaching about the
area of the golf course right behind
Carter Lake PD's office there.
Still westbound passing
9th.
307, I have a rifle to point when he stops.
(Ofc. Rech) 61, be advised, he is pointing
the shotgun back at us.
(Radio) 67, now he's
going to be going, northbound on uh, through
the, toward the lake. uh, John Levi Carter Blvd.
We have enough cars on the vehicle,
get cars going Northbound to 16th.
Back off guys, he's shooting! Back off, we're too close!
You're gonna get shot.
67, still northbound, um, along the lake.
-you guys, lets get him
some distance. If he wants to shoot that round
off and uh, uh, run himself out of bullets,
let him do it.
Car's responding, try to get on 16th and also on Abbott Drive and see if we can catch him at either end.
Looks like Able-1's up.
Still northbound. Carter Blvd.
and Cornish.
(Ofc. Martinez) More shots fired.
(Radio) Gonna get stuck on those tracks.
(Replaying)
Gonna get stuck on those tracks.
(Vehicle Submerging)
Gonna be coming westbound those cruisers on 16th.
(Replaying) Gonna be coming westbound those cruisers on 16th.
Shots. (gunshots)
(gunshots)
Shots fired. Shots fired.
Cruisers on 16th, don't get caught in the cross-fire.
(gunshots)
Suspect's in the water, on the west side.
67!
Send us a squad, party's been shot. We're in the water.
SHOW US YOUR HANDS!!
KEEP YOUR HANDS UP!!
Will one of the officers on the west side
get a house number and location for the squad.
everybody back off and move back.
We need a Location. 4340! 4340!
-It's 4540.
Location is 4340?
4540.
South 13th.
4540, North 13th.